[Enhance] refine example_project README (#2002)
open-mmlab/mmpose: projects/README.md

> Here, these requirements, e.g. code standards, are not that strict as in core package. Thus, developers from the community can implement their algorithms much more easily and efficiently in MMPose. We appreciate all contributions from community to make MMPose greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, these requirements, e.g. code standards, are not as strict as in the core package. Thus, developers from the community can implement their algorithms much more easily and efficiently in MMPose. We appreciate all contributions from the community that makes MMPose greater.
```
